There's a second method we can use to avoid Escuela injection prepared statements to use a prepared
statement.
First we write an ethical statement that contains place holders.
Then we bind data to these place holders.
The database server inserts the data safely into the Eskew our statement making ESC fuel injection impossible.
Let's look at an example.
First let's change our Eskew L statement to have place holders instead of concatenating the values from
the farm directly into the string.
A question mark character is used as a place holder.
We don't need to enclose them in quotes or anything just put the question mark where the value will
go.
Then instead of running this ESC you L statement using the query function.
We prepare it for execution using the prepare function.
So will call this function here which returns and ESC U L statement.
If the statement is false there is an error in it.
So will output that error.
Next we need to bind some values are parameters to these.
Place holders using the bind paramo function.
First we passed this function a string that tells it the type of each parameter the type is specified
by one of these characters.
For an integer s for a string and so on we put one character per value.
Then we pass the values in the same order.
So let's call this function and we have three parameters and there are all strings.
The date and time is treated as a string.
So we pass in three S's.
Then we pass in the values which are coming from the Form which are what we were putting in the Eskew
L string directly earlier.
Then we execute the prepared statement using the execute function.
When we call this function the database server inserts the values into the esky Well escaping any quotes
in them if necessary.
If this function returns true then it's worked and we can get the idea of the inserted rijkaard as before.
If it returns false then it's failed and we can print out the error like that.
Let's give that a try.
If I add a value that contains a quote and then submit the farm the rijkaard is inserted with no problems.
One thing we can't do in our code when using prepared statements is view the full Eskew L string that
was executed on the server.
This is because the parameters are inserted into the esky well on the database server not in P HP.
If you really want to see the ask you else statements that are being executed then you can do this by
enabling the query log on the server.
Full instructions on how to do that when the database server documentation here.
So whenever you inserting values that come from an untrusted source.
In other words a farm on a web page.
Then you should always either escaped those values are use prepared statements or otherwise your code
will be vulnerable to ask you well injection attacks.